open a demat account online - demat account opening at upstox ? upstox joins vivo ipl as an official partner pay ?0 brokerage* on intraday equity, f&o, commodity & currency trades for 30 days# investing with upstox, it?s easy! pay ?249 to open a demat + trading account and get: ?1000 brokerage credit valid for 30 days# up to ?20/order on equity, f&o, commodity and currency ?0 brokerage* on mutual funds and ipos *#view terms and conditions. sign up for a new account below enter a valid email id email ids with a + sign are not accepted did you mean ? +91 enter a valid mobile number mobile number cannot start with a 0 by signing up, you agree to receive transactional updates on whatsapp. you may also receive a call from an upstox representative to help you with the account opening process send otp sign in to continue your existing application we have sent you a 6 digit otp on your mobile number . otp cannot be empty invalid otp sign up cancel and start over resend otp #view terms and conditions. terms and conditions x this offer is valid for new users only. plan charges are towards account opening fees. intraday equity, f&o, commodity and currency trades at zero brokerage charges up to ?1000 for the first 30 days# from when your upstox account has been created. after 30 days#, brokerage of ?20*/order would be applicable. *the equity delivery brokerage charges of 2.5% or up to rs 20 per order only apply to customers onboarded on or after 21st september 2021 brokerage charged shall not exceed sebi prescribed limits. upstox is the registered trademark of rksv securities india pvt ltd. upstox reserves the right to discontinue this offer without prior notice. investment in securities market are subject to market risk. please read all the related documents carefully before investing. why invest with upstox? flat brokerage up to ?20 brokerage* on equity and ?0 on mutual funds & ipos. one app for all stocks, futures & options, mutual funds, ipo & more... trade from anywhere invest via browser on laptop or your phone app one platform. multiple investment opportunities. long term investors, pro traders or part-time traders can choose across various asset classes and create your customised portfolio. all from one platform. stocks mutual funds ipos future & options stocks easy, fast & simple interface up to ?20/order on equity 100+ charts with 250+ indicators mutual funds 2000+ mutual fund schemes earn higher returns on direct mutual funds invest as low as ?500 ipos invest in stocks before they are listed apply for ipos through upi track your ipo application easily future & options pay just up to ?20* per order option chain with strategy mode tradingview and chartsiq chart libraries transparent and pocket-friendly pricing! ?0 brokerage* on investing in mutual funds and ipos ?0* amc charges* demat account maintenance charges! ?20 brokerage* on trading in equity, f&o, commodity and currency ?249 charges for opening an account online with upstox we promise there are no hidden charges, view the complete list here frequently asked questions do i have to pay for using the platforms? no. you can check out the upstox pro web & mobile platforms for free and open an account only when you?re ready to place a trade. there?s no fee to use the trading software. what is the brokerage* cost of trading in futures and options? for futures, you?ll be charged ?20* or 0.05% (whichever is lower) per order. for options, you?ll be charged a flat fee of ?20* per order. your maximum brokerage* cost remains ?20* per order irrespective of the size of the order. what is the brokerage* cost of trading in equities? *these charges will be applicable to all customers onboarded on or after 21st september, 2021. for equity delivery trades, brokerage* charges are ?20* per order or 2.5% (whichever is lower) for both buy and sell orders. for equity intraday trades, brokerage* charges are ?20* per order or 0.05% (whichever is lower) for both buy and sell orders. do you offer margin against shares? you can leverage the shares in your demat account to get extra margin to place trades. with the margin against shares facility you can pledge your shares for ?50 per scrip, without having to add funds to your upstox account. what are your square-off charges? you will be charged auto square-off charges of ?50* (plus gst of 18%) per order for open positions squared-off by rms team at the usual intraday square-off times. to avoid auto square-off charges, you can square-off your positions yourself before the rms square-off timings. what are your call & trade charges? you can call the upstox team and place your trades via phone for ?50* + gst per order placed. what are btst orders? btst stands for buy today sell tomorrow. these are considered as equity delivery trades which means you pay zero brokerage* on these orders. what are your charges for offers for sales (ofs orders) and buyback orders? a flat ?50/- will be charged for ofs (offers for sales) & buyback/takeover orders. view more faqs view less faqs trusted by lakhs of indians. here?s a few reasons you should choose upstox superb app! the rates are live and real time and the charting is very good. supports major indian markets along with fno too! kaju goswami reviewed on april 2020 a very powerful platform for users who want a real guide. it has always been easy here and it is helping me a great deal! sandhya varma reviewed on november 2020 a reliable app and highly trustworthy. no one should avoid taking benefit from such a great service! designed for speed and comfort! riya borah reviewed on november 2020 best innovation in wealth management (2020) most promising broking house of the year (2019) highest number of accounts in a single month by a broker (2019) rksv securities: sebi registration no. inz000185137 | nse member code: 13942 | bse clrg code: 6155 | cdsl: in-dp-cdsl- 00282534 | nsdl: in-dp-nsdl-11496819 | cdsl: in-dp-cdsl- 00283831 | nsdl: in-dp-nsdl-11497282 | rksv commodities mcx member code: 46510 | sebi regn. no. inz000015837| registered address: 807, new delhi house barakhamba road, connaught place, new delhi- 110001. | correspondence address: rksv/upstox, 30th floor, sunshine tower, senapati bapat marg, dadar (w), mumbai, maharashtra 400013. for any complaints email at complaints@rksv.in | please ensure you carefully read the risk disclosure document as prescribed by sebi and our terms of use and privacy policy the brand name upstox and logo are the registered trademarks of rksv securities india pvt. ltd. | the cost-effective brokerage* plans make upstox a trustworthy and reliable online discount stockbroker. available on both the web and mobile, it offers unmatched convenience to traders. if you are considering opening a demat account online, then upstox is just the right place for you. disclaimer: investment in securities market are subject to market risks, read all the related documents carefully before investing. brokerage* will not exceed the sebi prescribed limit what is a demat account? a demat account is where all your securities, purchased in dematerialized or electronic form are saved. in simpler words, it is analogous to a bank account. just like a bank account holds your money, a demat account holds your shares. features of online demat account. pocket-friendly the equity deliveries are free and everything you earn remains all yours. you do not end up spending your hard-earned profit on brokerage*. paperless account opening all you need is an aadhar card to open demat account. there are no physical documents or forms required! just fill the form online and you can easily submit the documents on the website. trustworthy tech share markets are full of surprises as a result of which there are a lot of ups and downs. but don?t worry, with our trustworthy technology, you?ll always remain online and on top of market fluctuations. cross-platform trading opening a demat account online with upstox provides you with an option to trade on any other platform. available on web, desktop and mobile, it proves to be the best choice for trading online! documents required to open a demat account you only need a small number of documents for opening the online demat account. - aadhar card - pan card - latest bank statement with ifsc code - cancelled cheque opening demat account the demat account opening process is fairly easy and hassle-free. to open a demat account online, follow the simple steps given below. step 1: fill the form fill the form on the website that is required for opening an online demat account. once the form is submitted, it will be sent for verification. it takes about 12-24 hours to open a demat account. step 2: verification after you submit the required documents along with the account opening form, they will be verified. in case of any problems, you will be contacted using the contact information that you provide. step 3: post-verification once the verification is successful, you will get an unique id after this you will be all set to enter the world of trading with your free demat account! read more made with love in india | copyrights ? 2021, upstox