pricing - upstox create account sign in open demat account --old sign in --old pro web chart & trade mutual funds explore & invest developer api & 3rd party integration dashboard trade reports & earnings pricing --old pricing products & tools platforms web/desktop android app ios app investing options stocks, f&o mutual funds ipos tools brokerage calculator margin calculator mf returns calculator sip calculator company aboutour mission & dreams market talknews that you can use trust & securitysafety & privacy policies pressbuzz about us careerswork with us refer and earnshare the love of trading sub brokerpartner with us support contact usget in touch with us help centerget help with our products & services learning centerknow more about trading & investing. formsdownload forms for various accounts pricing --old free delivery trades for life! simple and affordable pricing plans for everything else. view brokerage fees ? 20 per order traded basic products & tools products web/desktop android ios investing options stocks, f&o mutual funds ipos tools brokerage calculator span calculator mf returns calculator   sip calculator support company about us our mission & dreams market talk news that you can use trust & security safety & privacy policies press buzz about us careers work with us refer and earn share the love of trading sub broker partner with us announcements latest policy & product updates support --old help center account opening get help opening your account user account get help with account information pro web get help to use pro web pro mobile get help to use pro mobile learning center demat account learn about demat accounts trading account learn about trading accounts online trading learn more about online trading intraday trading learn more about intraday trading download forms demat & trading account download form f&o account download form partnership & huf account download form equity + f&o + currency download form become a partner become a partner --old how to become a upstox partner? making more money can be simple! just become a sub-broker with us. partner with us 1 register with us 2 present your plan 3 access your dashboard become a partner --old become a partner --old how to become a upstox partner? making more money can be simple! just become a sub-broker with us. partner with us 1 register with us 2 present your plan 3 access your dashboard become a partner create account sign in sign in --old pro web chart & trade mutual funds explore & invest developer use api & 3rd party integration dashboard trade reports & earnings open demat account 3 easy steps to open an account break free from paper forms. just fill them out online in minutes! open demat account 1 fill out the form 2 submit your documents 3 we verify your details zero commission investing in start investing brokerage rates ?0 brokerage* on mutual funds and ipos ?20 brokerage* ?20* or 0.05% whichever is lower on equity intraday, futures and options, currency and commodity ?20 brokerage* ?20 or 2.5% whichever is lower on equity delivery *the equity delivery brokerage charges of 2.5% or up to rs 20 per order only apply to customers onboarded on or after 21st september 2021 get more with margins and flat brokerage 5x margins for intraday/co/oco orders. you pay ?20 /trade* or 0.05% (whichever is lower) for intraday trading in stocks, f&o, currencies & commodities. brokerage calculator margin calculator intraday order margins co/oco order margins 5x equity 1x index futures and stock futures index and stock option sell nse currency futures mcx futures 5x equity 1x index futures and stock futures index and stock option sell nse currency futures mcx futures note: no margin for options buying detailed brokerage rates equity currency commodities equity currency commodities upstox charges equity delivery equity intraday equity futures equity options brokerage ?20 or 2.5% whichever is lower on equity delivery ?20 per executed order or 0.05% (whichever is lower) ?20 per executed order or 0.05% (whichever is lower) flat ?20 per executed order. stt/ctt 0.1% on both buy & sell.  0.025% only on sell. 0.01% only on sell.  0.05% only on sell.  transaction charges nse: 0.00345% per trade on buy & sell.  bse: charges vary as per the scrip group  nse: 0.00345% per trade on buy & sell.  bse: charges vary as per the scrip group  nse:  exchange turnover charge: 0.0020% clearing charge: 0.0002% nse:  exchange turnover charge: 0.053% clearing charge: 0.005% demat transaction charges ?18.5 per scrip per day only on sell.  no charges no charges no charges gst 18% (on brokerage + transaction + demat charges) 18% (on brokerage + transaction charges) 18% (on brokerage + transaction & clearing charges) 18% (on brokerage + transaction & clearing charges) sebi charges ?5/crore ?5/crore ?5/crore ?5/crore upstox charges currency futures currency options brokerage ?20 per executed order or 0.05% (whichever is lower). flat ?20 per executed order. stt/ctt no stt no stt transaction charges nse:  exchange turnover charge: 0.0009% clearing charge: 0.0004% bse: exchange turnover charge: 0.00022% clearing charge: 0.0004% nse: exchange turnover charge: 0.04% clearing charge: 0.025% bse: exchange turnover charge: 0.001% clearing charge: 0.025% gst 18% ( on brokerage+transaction charges) 18% (on brokerage+transaction charges) sebi charges ?5/crore ?5/crore upstox charges commodity futures commodity options brokerage ?20 per executed order or 0.05% (whichever is lower). flat ?20 per executed order. stt/ctt 0.01% on sell trade (non-agri) 0.05% on sell trade transaction charges non-agri:  exchange turnover charge: 0.0026% clearing charge: 0.0005% exchange turnover charge: 0 clearing charge: 0.002% on buy + sell [?200/crore] gst 18% ( on brokerage+transaction charges) 18% (on brokerage+transaction charges) sebi charges ?5/crore ?5/crore view stamp charges (brokerage calculator) frequently asked questions do i have to pay for using the platforms? no. you can check out the upstox web & mobile platforms for free and open an account only when you?re ready to place a trade. there?s no fee to use the trading software. what is the brokerage cost of trading in futures and options? for futures, you?ll be charged ?20 or 0.05% (whichever is lower) per order. for options, you?ll be charged a flat fee of ?20 per order. your maximum brokerage cost remains ?20 per order irrespective of the size of the order. what is the brokerage cost of investing in stocks? you will be charged brokerage of ?20 per order or 2.5% whichever is lower for buying stocks and selling them after a few days, weeks, or months. this is called an equity delivery orders. *these charges will be applicable to all customers onboarded on or after 21st september, 2021. for buying/selling stocks on the same day, known as equity intraday orders, you will be charged brokerage of ?20 per order or 0.05% (whichever is lower) for both buy and sell orders. what are your square-off charges? you will be charged auto square-off charges of ?50 (plus 18% gst) per order for open positions squared-off by rms team at the usual intraday square-off times. to avoid auto square-off charges, you can square-off your positions yourself before the rms square-off timings. what are your call n trade charges? you can call the upstox team and place your trades via phone for ?50 + gst per order placed. what are btst orders? btst stands for buy today sell tomorrow. these are considered as equity delivery trades which means you pay zero brokerage on these orders. what are your charges for offers for sales (ofs orders) and buy-back orders? a flat ?50/- will be charged for ofs (offers for sales) & buy-back/takeover orders. view more faqs view less faqs products pro web pro mobile mutual funds developer algo lab company about us market talk brokerage charges refer and earn announcements partner with us press releases bug bounty program tools & calculators brokerage calculator margin calculator order generator mf returns calculator sip calculator social facebook twitter dropbox     youtube     instagram learning center help center services trading glossary download forms demat account guide documents required for demat account demat account opening procedure difference between demat account and trading account trading account guide documents required to open a trading account trading account opening procedure features and benefits of a trading account online trading guide benefits of online trading difference between online and offline trading what is fundamental analysis and how to do it? intraday trading guide what is intraday trading? difference between intraday and delivery trading intraday trading tips and tricks futures and options guide what is futures trading? benefits of trading in futures mutual funds guide benefits of investing in mutual funds what is nav (net asset value)? what is elss and how to invest in elss? share market guide stock market guide for beginners what is nse and bse? benefits of equity investment ipo guide how to invest in an ipo? what are the advantages of an ipo? how does an ipo work? stock broker guide benefits of trading with discount brokers why discount broking is popular in india differences between traditional brokers and discount brokers user account check ledger in the back office download profit and loss statement different ways to transfer funds pro web placing an order types of orders track market movement pro mobile overview of watchlists adding scrips to watchlist track market movement mutual funds investing in different types of mutual funds placing a mutual fund order funds to invest in via sips margins how much margin does upstox provide? using margin limits mtm square off percentage account opening opening an account using aadhaar performing in-person verification account opening charges brokerage & charges calculate brokerage for different segments mandatory statutory charges for different segments calculating gst api what is upstox api? what is amibroker afl? enable and integrate the market data feed plugin into amibroker trading basics what is zero brokerage trading? difference between investing and trading trading account vs. demat account demat account trading account commodity trading equity trading learning center demat account guide documents required for demat account demat account opening procedure difference between demat account and trading account trading account guide documents required to open a trading account trading account opening procedure features and benefits of a trading account online trading guide benefits of online trading difference between online and offline trading what is fundamental analysis and how to do it? intraday trading guide what is intraday trading? difference between intraday and delivery trading intraday trading tips and tricks futures and options guide what is futures trading? benefits of trading in futures mutual funds guide benefits of investing in mutual funds what is nav (net asset value)? what is elss and how to invest in elss? share market guide stock market guide for beginners what is nse and bse? benefits of equity investment ipo guide how to invest in an ipo? what are the advantages of an ipo? how does an ipo work? stock broker guide benefits of trading with discount brokers why discount broking is popular in india differences between traditional brokers and discount brokers help center user account check ledger in the back office download profit and loss statement different ways to transfer funds pro web placing an order types of orders track market movement pro mobile overview of watchlists adding scrips to watchlist track market movement mutual funds investing in different types of mutual funds placing a mutual fund order funds to invest in via sips margins how much margin does upstox provide? using margin limits mtm square off percentage account opening opening an account using aadhaar performing in-person verification account opening charges brokerage & charges calculate brokerage for different segments mandatory statutory charges for different segments calculating gst api what is upstox api? what is amibroker afl? enable and integrate the market data feed plugin into amibroker trading basics what is zero brokerage trading? difference between investing and trading trading account vs. demat account services demat account trading account commodity trading equity trading trading glossary download forms rksv securities: sebi registration no. inz000185137 | nse member code: 13942 | bse clrg code: 6155 | cdsl: in-dp-cdsl- 00282534 | nsdl: in-dp-nsdl-11496819 | cdsl: in-dp-cdsl- 00283831 | nsdl: in-dp-nsdl-11497282 | rksv commodities mcx member code: 46510 | sebi regn. no. inz000015837 | rksv securities cin number : u74900dl2009ptc189166 | rksv commodities cin number: u74110dl2012ptc236371 | compliance officer: mr. amit lalan. tel no: (022) 24229920. email: compliance@rksv.in | registered address: 807, new delhi house barakhamba road, connaught place, new delhi- 110001. | correspondence address: rksv/upstox, 30th floor, sunshine tower, senapati bapat marg, dadar (w), mumbai, maharashtra 400013. for any complaints, email at complaints@upstox.com and complaints.mcx@upstox.com | procedure to file a complaint on sebi scores: register on scores portal. mandatory details for filing complaints on scores: name, pan, address, mobile number, e-mail id. benefits: effective communication, speedy redressal of the grievances. | please ensure you carefully read the risk disclosure document as prescribed by sebi and our terms of use and privacy policy. the brand name upstox and logo are the registered trademarks of rksv securities india pvt. ltd. | the cost-effective brokerage plans make upstox a trustworthy and reliable online stockbroker. available on both the web and mobile, it offers unmatched convenience to traders. if you are considering opening a demat account online, then upstox is just the right place for you. disclaimer: investment in securities market are subject to market risks, read all the related documents carefully before investing. *brokerage will not exceed the sebi prescribed limit kindly, read the advisory guidelines for investors as prescribed by the exchange with reference to their circular dated 27th august, 2021 regarding investor awareness and safeguarding client's assets : https://bit.ly/3jwnuwa trade at low brokerage charges on options and commodity trading with upstox - india's leading discount broker. enjoy free delivery trades and only rs. 20 / trade brokerage fees on intraday, f&o, currencies & commodities orders. brokerage charges and pricing always be careful while weighing margins and brokerage as well at the time of buying stocks through a stockbroker. upstox gives the benefit of little to no hassle in opening an account and starting your trade! low brokerage charges it is always advisable to be cognizant of hidden charges and other unmentioned fees while going through a stockbroker. nse/bse equity intraday stock brokerage is usually ?20 per order traded, with a 10x margin. here at upstox, we offer intraday stocks at ?20 with up to a 20x margin. you can also sign up for the priority brokerage & margin plan and get upto 25x margin on intraday trading. the charges for nse futures, nse options, nse currency futures and mcx commodities are also set at a flat rate of ? 20 per order traded or 0.01% whichever is low, in line with our industry-leading brokerage rates delivery trades are absolutely free, with no hidden charges involved at upstox. you can also get a margin of up to 6x on nse futures and up to 4x on nse options writing and nse currency futures which, along with reasonable charges, make for good deals. upstox offers the lowest brokerage charges in india, coupled with its high margins and user-friendly, hassle-free interface, makes it one of the best discount brokerage platforms in india. a major advantage of trading with upstox is it?s completely free delivery trades. after all, free is the lowest brokerage charge possible. this means that investors just have to bear the stock price and no brokerage costs if they are looking to take delivery of their stocks, i.e. invest for more than one day. since there is no software fee and no minimum balance requirement, upstox offers the lowest brokerage fees across the industry from an all-round perspective. click here to open a demat account with upstox and ensure you take advantage of the minimum brokerage charges for trading. read more sitemap terms of use and privacy policy trust & security careers contact us made with ?? in india | copyright ? 2021, upstox ? new website. better service. we're proud to announce that rksv has taken a giant leap forward and is now upstox.